Update Rust version for macro tests to 1.51 & enable const generics tests (#1801)
yewstack/yew: CONTRIBUTING.md

When adding or updating tests, please make sure to update the appropriate `stderr` file, which you can find [here](https://github.com/yewstack/yew/tree/master/packages/yew-macro/tests/macro) for the `html!` macro.
These files ensure that macro compilation errors are correct and easy to understand.
These errors can change with each release of the compiler so they should be generated with the Rust version 1.51 
(because some tests make use of const generics which were stabilized in that version).

> To update or generate a new `stderr` file you can run `TRYBUILD=overwrite cargo +1.51 test` in the `yew-macro` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update or generate a new `stderr` file you can run `cargo make test-overwrite` in the `yew-macro` directory.
```
